Hello everyone,
Kizuna Ai here!
Since it's December,
it's the season of love!
...at least it should be
But statistically, most of you
seems to be single!
Isn't this
I tried to think positively about this,
so it's actually
That person you're have interest on,
have a high probability
of being single too, right?
Now with that chance,
when I looked up ways to make person
we like to fall on us,
I found this article online!
Make males fall on you
with 5 basic sentences!
(Sa Si Su Se So)
Do you viewers know?
I'll try using it, okay?
"Sa"!
"As expected from you!"
"Si"!
"I didn't know about that!"
"Su"!
"That's amazing!"
"Se"!
"You have nice sense!"
"So"!
"Oh is that so?"
This is all receiving ends, right?
With all the herbivore males now out there,
That kind of responses,
doesn't work against them,
don't you think?
So with that,
today we'll try to catch males heart with GUTS
Dominant with
..new..
5 basic sentences
(Sa Si Su Se So)
that I tried to make!
With this, we can try to get alone with
that someone we interested in!
Since there's a limit to the video,
We'll go straight to the examples!
New! Make Men Fall for You with 5 basic sentences!
(Sa Si Su Se So)
Ha!
There's a very cool guy there!
Hi there!
Nice to know you,
my name is Kizuna Ai!
I'll be in your care
Umm, this is sudden but,
you have really nice muscles!
Can I..
"touch that magnificent muscle?"
Haa ///
What a beautiful muscles you have there...
"It's tightening, huh"
it's really tight too!
Aren't you really ripped?
Umm, can I ask you a favor?
My hobby is actually making clothes...
I want to make clothes for people with
that kind of muscles, or so I think..
"Can I take your measurements?"
Thank you!
Haa ♥
Not only your muscles
But your arm is really long too!
It's really nice!
Ah, by the way..
I actually...
I can read people's fortune
from their palm,
can I...
Borrow your hand for a bit?
Ooh!
"You have long line of life!"
(palm reading)
I...
this kind of strong,
and have long line of life,
I've been looking for a man like you!
Don't you think we're
compatible with each other?
Will you..
Go out with me?
Well, what do you think of the
new "SaSiSuSeSo" I thought up?
It's perfect!
With this you can,
have a Happy Christmas!
don't you think?